Add issue, PR templates, update contribution guidelines (#644)
Veridise/llzk-lib: doc/doxygen/05_contributing.md

#### Create a new issue

If you spot a problem, encounter a bug, or want to request a new feature, first
[search for an existing issue](https://github.com/project-llzk/llzk-lib/issues).
Please contribute to an existing issue when possible instead of opening a duplicate.

If a related issue does not exist, open a new issue using the relevant
[issue form](https://github.com/project-llzk/llzk-lib/issues/new/choose). A new
issue must clearly describe and motivate the bug or feature, including its
impact or use case, expected behavior, and enough detail for a maintainer
to evaluate it.

New issues begin with the `under review` label. This means the proposal
is still being evaluated or refined. A maintainer may ask for more
information, narrow the scope, suggest an alternative, or decline the proposal.

> Do not begin implementation while an issue is under review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not submit a PR while an issue is still `under review` because it will not be reviewed.
```

- [ ] Added lit and/or unit tests covering all relevant cases.
- [ ] Updated TableGen and/or other documentation to describe new features.
- [ ] Added a changelog. All PRs require a changelog describing what user-level changes have been made in the PR. To create a template changelog, run `create-changelog` from the nix shell.
- [ ] [Linked the PR to the existing issue or issues it resolves](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue). For external contributions, each issue must be marked `approved`.
- [ ] Disclosed whether AI tools contributed to the PR. If they did, identified the tools, described how they contributed, and explained how their output was verified.
- [ ] Enabled the checkbox to [allow maintainer edits](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork) so the branch can be updated for a merge.

#### Pull Request Review

> Once you submit your PR, a maintainer will first review its linked issues. We

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you submit your PR, a maintainer will first review its linked issue(s). We
```
